fried chicken
a_fried_chicken_51238060.jpg
chicken,all-purpose flour,buttermilk,paprika, pepper 
3 pound whole chicken, 1 ⅓ cups all-purpose flour, ¼ teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, ½ teaspoon poultry seasoning
1. Mix together cups of flour, garlic salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, paprika and poultry seasoning. 2. Heat the oil in a deep-fryer to 350 degrees F. 3. Marinate the chicken and gently place it in the oil and fry for 15 to 18 minutes

FrenchBreadToast
abaked_french_toast_104357.jpg
Loaf of French Bread, Eggs, Milk, Heavy Cream, Sugar, Brown Sugar, Vanilla Extract, Cinnamon, Flour, Cinnamon, Salt, Unsalted Butter
1 loaf of French Bread or Texas Toast, 8 eggs, 2 cups of milk, 1/2 cup of heavy cream / half and half, 1/4 cup sugar, 1/2 brown sugar, 1 teapsoon cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup unsalted butter cold and cut into small squares
1. Spray a 9x13 pan with cooking spray and preheat your oven to 350 degrees. 2. In a large bowl, add the eggs, milk, heavy cream, sugar, ½ cup brown sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg. 3. Chop the bread into ¾ - 1 inch cubes and put it in the bowl with the egg mixture and toss well until all the liquid is absorbed. 4. In a small bowl or a food processor add the flour, remaining brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt and mix. 5. Cut in the butter with a fork or pulse in the food processor for 5-10 seconds or until the butter and brown sugar mixture is crumbly.6. Pour the bread and egg mixture into the pan, cover evenly with the brown sugar-butter topping and bake for 45-50 minutes or until the top is crispy and the center is no longer wet.

pizza sandwich
a_pizza_sandwiches_354873.jpg
italian bread, mozzarella cheese, tomato, garlic salt, pepperoni, butter, pizza sauce
6 slices of mozzarella cheese, 7 tomato slices, 5 slices of italian bread, 2/4 cup of butter, 150 mL of pizza sauce, 20 slices of pepperoni
1. On four slices of bread, layer one slice of mozzarella, two slices of tomato, a dash of garlic salt and eight slices pepperoni. 2. Top with remaining mozzarella and bread. 3. Spread outside of sandwiches with butter. 4. On a hot griddle, toast sandwiches until golden brown, 3-4 minutes on each side. 5. Serve with pizza sauce.

Baby Potato Salad
ababy_potato_salad_51175470.jpg
baby Yukon Gold Potatoes, Kosher Salt, Large Egg Yolk, Teaspoons White Wine Vinegar, Vegetable Oil, Spicy Brown Mustard, Chopped Fresh Chives
2 pounds baby Yukon Gold potates (about 36), unpeelded (haved if large) Kosher Salt, 1 large egg yolk, 2 teaaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 /2 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives
1. Place potatoes in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2 inches; season generously with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer gently until potatoes are tender, 20–25 minutes. Drain and let potatoes cool slightly. Peel, if desired. 2. Meanwhile, whisk egg yolk and vinegar in a large bowl; season with salt. Whisking constantly, gradually add oil, drop by drop at first, and whisk until mayonnaise is thick and creamy. Whisk in mustard. 3. Add warm potatoes to bowl with mayonnaise and toss to coat; season with salt. Fold in chives just before serving. 4. Mayonnaise can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.

Veggie Burgers
recipe_photo_file_name
ingredient1,ingredient2,ingredient3
ingredient1 with description,ingredient2 with description
preparation instructions

Apple Pie
aapple_pie_11725.jpg
apples, sugar,all-purpose flour, cinnamon, ginger, lemon juice, butter
6 to 7 cups of sliced peeled tart apples, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon butter, 1/4 teaspoon ginger
1. Preheat oven to 375°. In a small bowl, combine sugars, flour and spices; set aside. In a large bowl, toss apples with lemon juice. Add sugar mixture; toss to coat. On a lightly floured surface, roll one half of dough to a 1/8-in.-thick circle; transfer to a 9-in. pie plate. Trim even with rim. Add filling; dot with butter. Roll remaining dough to a 1/8-in.-thick circle. Place over filling. Trim, seal and flute edge. Cut slits in top. Beat egg white until foamy; brush over crust. Sprinkle with sugar. Cover edge loosely with foil. Bake 25 minutes. Remove foil; bake until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly, 20-25 minutes longer. Cool on a wire rack.

Basic Veggie Burger
abasic_veggie_burgers.jpg
cornstarch, seitan, roasted broccoli, dry bread crumbs, kosher salt, Vegetable oil, Buns, burger toppings
2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1/2 cups (1/2-inch) chunks seitan, 1 cup chopped roasted broccoli, 6 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Vegetable oil for cooking, Buns and burger toppings (for serving)
1. In a small mixing bowl, combine the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons of water and mix with a fork until the cornstarch is completely dissolved. 2. In a food processor, combine the cornstarch slurry, seitan, broccoli, bread crumbs, and salt, and process until there are no more big chunks and everything is thoroughly mixed. It will look like a strange green oatmeal. Transfer to a bowl and let rest in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes and up to four days covered. 3. When you are ready for burgers, divide the burger mixture into sixths, shape the portions into rough balls by rolling them in your hands, and gently press them into patties. I like to use a ring mold to make prettier patties, but you probably don’t have one of those, and I applaud your rustic sensibility. 4. Heat a large sauté pan over medium heat with enough oil to slick the pan. When the oil shimmers, place as many patties as will fit comfortably in the pan. Once you see the edges start to caramelize, after about 3 minutes, carefully flip the patties and cook an additional 2 minutes.

Barley Porridge with Honeyed Plums
abarley_porridge_with_honeyed_plums.jpg
barley, almond milk, cardamom, honey, plums
1 cup unhulled barley, 1 cup almond milk, 1 /4 teaspoon cardamom, 5 tablespoons honey, divided, plus more for drizzling, 1 pound plums, cut into wedges
1. Cook barley in a large saucepan of boiling lightly salted water until tender, 30–40 minutes. Drain and return to saucepan. Add almond milk, cardamom, 2 Tbsp. honey, and a pinch of salt and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until warm. 2. Meanwhile, cook plums, 3 Tbsp. honey, and 3 Tbsp. water in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until plums are soft and liquid is syrupy, 8–12 minutes. 3. Divide porridge among bowls. Top with plum mixture and drizzle with honey.


Pancakes with warm maple syrup
apancakes_with_warm_maple_syrup_coffee_butter_51190420.jpg
all-purpose flour, baking powder, salt, eggs, canola oil, milk, maple syrup
1 cup all-purpose flour, 1-1/4 teaspoons baking powder, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1/2 cup of 2% milk, 1 table spoon canola oil, 2 table spoons of maple syrup 
1. In a small bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. In another bowl, combine the egg, milk, oil and syrup; stir into dry ingredients just until blended. 2. Pour batter by 1/4 cupfuls onto a lightly greased hot griddle; turn when bubbles form on top of pancakes. 3. Cook until second side is golden brown (pancakes will be thin). 4. Serve with additional syrup.


Bacon and Egg Fried Rice
abacon_and_egg_rice_238390.jpg
oil, eggs, bacon, onion, cooked rice, salt, sugar, soy sauce, soy sauce, black pepper, scallions
1 tablespoon oil, 3 large eggs (beaten), 8 oz. lean bacon (225g, cut into 1-inch pieces), 1 medium onion (finely diced), 5 cups cooked rice (fluffed and cooled), 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, fresh black pepper (to taste), 2 scallions (chopped)
1. Heat the oil in your wok over medium heat and add beaten eggs. Gently scramble the eggs, remove from the wok, and set aside. 2. Keeping the heat at medium, add the bacon to the wok and allow it to render down and become crisp. The level of crispiness you achieve here is totally based on personal preference. Once the bacon's looking good to you, take it out of the wok and set aside along with the scrambled eggs. 3. Add the diced onion to the wok and stir-fry until translucent. Once they're translucent, add the cooked rice and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Use your wok spatula to flatten out and break up any clumps. Add the salt, sugar, and soy sauces, and spread the Shaoxing wine (if using) around the perimeter of the wok to get a good sizzle going.4. Give everything a good stir for another minute or so. When you start to see steam coming off the rice, that means it's heated through. If the rice looks a little dry, feel free to sprinkle in some water or chicken stock. Adding some liquid directly to large clumps of rice will also help to break them up. 5. To finish the dish, stir in the scrambled eggs, bacon, pepper, and scallions.